Alright, today we're going to start
learning this word.
Phone.
Repeat after me.
That's right.
A phone is like un celular.
Una pertenencia personal.
Now we have a phrase over here and it's
can I use your phone?
Can I use your phone?
Dilo conmigo.
Excellent.
Now we have another phrase with phone.
Tenemos otra frase and it's can you pass
me my phone?
Say it with me.
Can you pass me my phone?
Pretty good.
Significa puedes pasarme mi celular?
Now we're going to check another thing
over here and it's a bag.
Bag.
Un bag es como un bolso.
So we have an interesting phrase with bag
and it's do you have my bag?
Dilo conmigo.
Do you have my bag?
Tienes my bag?
Mi bolso?
Now we could also say another phrase like this.
She, he or it has.
Ok, mira, para el resto de las personas,
para ellos, nosotros, el resto de los
pronombres, pero no te enredes pensando
en pronombres.
Pronombres simplemente son formas de
referirse a las personas sin mencionar su nombre.
Como él, ella, eso, nosotros, tú, usted.
Esos son pronombres, ok?
No te enredes con la terminología.
Solo recuerda que para él, ella y objetos
u animales que se representan en inglés
con it, decimos has.
No decimos she have, sino she has.
Por ejemplo, aquí.
She has a new phone.
Excellent.
Once more.
She has a new phone.
That's right.
Excelente.
So now I have good news for you.
Today we've learned more than 18 words
and more than four English expressions.
We've also practiced some pronunciation,
listening, and of course, some cultural takeaway.
Don't forget, don't forget to practice in
Anki, in the platform, and watch resources
.
And also, rate the video and write a
comment down there of at least 15 words.
Remember that every step forward is a victory.
Cada paso hacia adelante es una victoria.
See you in the next one.